I scared you hey you didn't where'd you
get this thing my dad threw it out
finders keepers
Tate Langdon might be one of the most
horrific characters we've ever met over
the course of American horror stories
eight season run and there's been a
whole bunch at first glance he seemed
like a troubled teenager but we soon
found out that he was a mentally
unstable psychiatric patient with an
extremely violent past
we met him on Murder House but he's made
a return on American Horror Story
apocalypse let's spend the next few
minutes recapping everything we know
about American horror stories Tate
Langdon before we get started to make
sure you're subscribed to the channel so
you don't miss any of our American
Horror Story videos including our weekly
breakdowns also if you subscribe you'll
get to see a whole lot of this Tate
Langdon is played by the great Evan
Peters who's appeared in every single
season of American Horror Story Evan we
will never get sick of you as I
mentioned we first met Tate in season
One's Murder House he's the son of
Constance and Hugo Langdon and the
brother of Adelaide Beauregard and Rose
whom we just recently met in the return
to Murder House episode of apocalypse my
family calls
let's go now you probably already know
that constants killed Hugo after
catching him forcing himself on Moira
and Tate as well as the other siblings
were never told the whole truth they
believed that their father had abandoned
them at a young age
Tate's tormented youth in severe mental
illness all came to a head in the early
90s at this point Constance had started
seeing Larry Harvey and the family found
themselves back in the murder house when
Child Protective Services was gonna take
Bo away for her child neglect in
inhumane treatment of him she instead
persuaded Larry to smother him with a
pillow now if you really want to hear
how bad of a mother Constance was to her
children check out our video on
everything we know about Constance
Langdon live on the channel right now
unsurprisingly Constance tried her best
to cover up the fact that she had Bo
killed she explained that he had died of
natural causes but Tate knows the truth
you're a smart girl you know he killed
our brother
so Tate reached his breaking point first
he attacked Larry pouring gasoline on
him and lighting him on fire that's the
reason for all those burn scars and then
he committed a mass shooting at
Westfield High which took the lives of
15 innocent students Tate returned home
to a bedroom full of SWAT team members
and he was subsequently killed as his
mother pleaded for his life of course
that now meant that Tate would reside in
the murder house for years to come
and he would continue to kill and
torment innocent people in the afterlife
season one follows the story of the most
recent family to move into the murder
house
the Harmons then Vivian and violet as it
turns out Ben takes on Tate as a patient
to help him with his severe
psychological issues he talks in detail
about killing people and not having any
remorse much like we see from him on his
murder spree Ben tries his best to help
Tate but he's kind of a lost cause I
feel like I'm hoping to take them away
from the [ __ ] and the piss and the vomit
that run in the streets I'm hoping to
take him somewhere clean and kind Tate
soon meets Ben's daughter violet in her
bathroom as she's attempting to cut her
wrists over the sink he tries to give
her some advice on what she's doing and
how to properly commit suicide obviously
they're both extremely damaged in
troubled young teenagers they bond over
there similar pain struggles experiences
in dysfunctional families except
remember Tate's a ghost
Tate soon takes her on a date but how do
you go on a date when you're stuck in
the murder house
you wait for Halloween the one night
when the spirits can leave the house and
roam freely
[Music]
during their romantic night at the beach
the pair is confronted by some other
wandering spirits the high school kids
that tape murdered years ago they
obviously want answers from Tate and he
plays it off like he has no idea what
they're talking about he doesn't want to
blow his cover while on his date
but soon violet decides to do some
googling of her own and she comes to the
shocking revelation that Tate was the
one behind the Westfield High massacre
not only that her boyfriend is a damn
ghost as he was killed in the very same
bedroom in 1984 she's obviously
extremely distraught over all of this
she's a total mess and attempts to
commit suicide again this time by taking
a bunch of sleeping pills
Tate finds her body and tries to
resuscitate her
[Music]
unfortunately he's too late as violet
dies and Tate's arms and returns to the
house as a ghost but she's still unaware
of her own death Tate decides to hide
her body in a crawlspace of the murder
house so that violet won't realize
what's happened one question what the
hell are violets parents up to this
whole time it's only a matter of time
before a violet finds out what she's
done she tries to leave the house
numerous times but can't finally Tate
shows her her corpse that he's headed
proving that she had committed suicide
again she's overcome with grief and
sadness
now Tate and violet aren't the only
spirits in the house the Montgomerys are
also there Charles and Nora and Nora
wants a baby because well her baby looks
like this they promised us her that he
will get her a baby and his plan is to
trick Vivian into conceiving a child
Tate was already a reprehensible human
in ghosts and this is even more evil he
puts on that infamous rubber suit and
rapes and impregnates Vivian who thought
she was having sex with her husband Ben
this results in twins one who passes
away after childbirth in the Alfa
Michael Langdon whose birth kills Vivian
yes that's the Antichrist after falling
in love with violet Tate tells Nora that
the baby isn't hers he can't keep his
end of the deal which doesn't go over
nicely with her another spirit in the
house Chad then tells violet what Tate
has done
violet loves Tate but claims she will
never be able to forgive him season 1
wraps up with Tate in the doghouse
well on the outside looking in as the
Harmons are one big happy but extremely
dead family celebrating Christmas
together while Hayden and Tate are left
in the cold but you have to give it to
Tate the guy is extremely persistent
forever if I have to this isn't the last
we see of Tate Langdon in apocalypses
returned a murder house we see that Tate
is still in the dog house when it comes
to violet she hasn't spoken to him since
she found out what he did during the
events of Murder House we also get a
glimpse of what happened when his son
Michael Langdon was young
while Ben took Michael under his wing as
both a doctor an apprentice
Tate was extremely aggressive with
Michael saying that he could never be
the father of something so evil the Tate
Langdon Redemption story continued as we
found out it was the house itself that
birthed the Antichrist that something so
evil could not have been created by Tate
and Vivian the house is in fact a sort
of portal into hell after Madison
Montgomery finds out the quote truth
from Constance and Hartman's she
motivates a violet to give Tate a second
chance let's be honest though she
basically just wiped violets memory so
violet forgives Tate for everything he's
ever done like this felony assault
attempted murder those 15 murders at
school all those other murders Owen not
to mention raping her own damn mother
turns out he actually saved Vivian's
life when Michael tried to kill her so
he's not such a bad guy after all
well he's still a bad guy just not
Michael Langdon bet so Tate and violet
can live happily ever after but only in
the murder house and only until the
apocalypse comes thanks so much for
watching guys let me know which other
characters you'd like to see deep dives
on also hit us up with any theories and
predictions for the coming apocalypse
make sure you're subscribed and we'll
see you soon